hello is TMJ and what am i up to this
that and the other motherfucker now I've
been getting tons of emails from women
asking why why why why what am i doing
why can't I keep them in what am i doing
wrong and I thought how can I help these
women to be the prototype for a man and
it came to me tell these women what they
do to fucking annoy men number five
women stop invading our personal space I
mean that means women stop playing
fucking mission impossible and fucking
film nikesha on our fucking cell phones
email and online memberships trying to
catch us up line shit I mean the crazy
reason why they do this shit guys the
crazy fucking reason why is because the
last motherfucker wasn't shit I mean she
probably let him move in and she meant
the motherfucker online he didn't have a
job get out the car he wasn't fucking
loser nobody and then she brings all of
that fucking badging baggage into our
relationship I mean stop being Colombo
women okay I mean this is not a whodunit
it's a relationship number four women
stop being so damn insecure now a man
cannot make you feel good about you it's
you bitch I mean I suggest if you can't
feel good about yourself I suggest you
take a trip and soak in some fucking
reality because only you know you okay
example I had a girlfriend and I told
this motherfucker that she was bad every
fucking day she was a bad bitch really
she was back but one day she had a dream
that I called her fat and I was in the
fucking dog house for fucking weeks
because of that bullshit I mean can I be
liable for a fucking dream I mean men we
take a lot of bull shit I mean and I was
out the fucking door I mean really crazy
shit but I do have a letter here from a
viewer that says that she you know he
left her because she can't stick her
tongue all the way out of her mouth I
mean it wasn't long enough
I would have to say baby girl I probably
would have left your ass too because I
need some tongue action with my freaky
deak I mean you got to use your fucking
tongue they really do I'm so my advice
to you go see a doctor baby they got to
do something about that number three
ladies acts of jealousy now I don't get
this I mean this damn 21 questions
mentality has the fucking go I mean
women you have to believe that you are
worth or worthy of being loved and in a
fucking relationship I mean Glinda the
Good Witch from the Wiz and believe in
yourself if you don't believe me believe
I can lead a whole ship yeah so ladies
before you act on that jealousy let me
give you a couple of examples so until
you find movie tickets around the house
that you know you didn't fucking see
with him just chill and log in when he's
fucking chatting online to all hours of
the night just chill and logging crazy
has text message at 3am chill and log in
nine times out of ten he is fucking up
but my father used to tell me if there's
no respect and a relationship you got to
let that love shit go just let it go and
it'll be okay and guess what you'll be
better falling listen to me ladies and
number two ladies you talk too much
you're talking top in top talking all in
I mean where can a man get a word in
edgewise I mean and my wife agrees with
me but it's on the fuck is you know flip
side she says that women have to talk
twice as much because men are listening
I but I have to say this women stop
being taco holics I mean if you show me
a woman that doesn't talk a lot I'll
show you a Muslim really now women
listen I mean men can only digest small
morsels of conversation at a time I mean
just small morsels I mean so if you're
looking to try to change a man over time
it's not gonna happen it's not gonna
happen I mean it's not I mean that kind
of change in evolution we're gonna need
about a thousand years yeah
and the number one most annoying thing
is using sex as a weapon that women I
urge you not to go down this road
because you will lose every
motherfucking time oh really I mean the
best gift ever given to mankind is sex
women just don't do it because our dicks
can get hard and we can stay emotionally
unattached you cannot just don't do it
you will lose every time I mean that is
the triple truth Ruth and there you have
it ladies five reasons why women are
annoying to men and but I have to say
this women don't take it personal
because men we're assholes anyway and
I'll see you next week peace